Come back here. Come back here.
Secretary
So you're here.
Current time 11: 39
I'll text you at 10 o'clock asking you to join me for dinner.
Why didn't you answer my message?
Sorry, I don't have time to read the message.
Okay, no need next time.
What?
You feel important, who are you?
It's done.
This is the Graf Illusion diamond watch that the late CEO just bought.
worth 380 million
What is 3.81?
It's done.
This is broken, how much money will it take to fix it?
We can only innovate.
You're the father of the Snow Queen, aren't you?
The snow is working very well.
I can give you a discount for his sake.
One hundred million is fine.
What?
One hundred million, how could I have so much money?
No, how do I know if your watch is real or fake?
The payment slip is here.
Do you want to go to the police station to check?
I didn't mean to be alone.
Why did you let me go with you?
You don't want to come, do you?
Okay.
Then go to jail.
If done well
Ten years, twenty years.